new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox one on media
digital
Hey, guys, beauty plane in the area.
bringing you another video of gt
so with link to the channel people have
90 today I'm here with joão
victor once again let's clone the
character to show you who is
very cool, ok
we have to have here we have to be with
Friends're obviously going to do
just put the cars in this
position only puts me a car of his and
you put your car in this position
here is the joão vitor we put
here it is certain that you will make this
the car usually from Angola
will give bum cattle surround the foundation
door of the notion that will keep closing
but it's because your friend has to stay
inside the car for the crowd is an environment
very cool cloning your character is
very stupid the guy your character is the
with which you cloned if you leaned
The beads start at last, he wants to
break the law and you end up making a
and you keep repeating the
Let's go there, let's teach.
You how to do beauty
first holding the select here
I go here in the options right there we have
to see if you are in the last location
is in the last place here and restoration
last location right there and there
done that you go there in the option
inventory is there you change your glasses
can see that it was with the mask is
put a glasses to put any
aviator that success done that
press Circle to get back usually okay
to assume that menu in reality
press start is pressing start
You go in full playstation store ta
arrived to present is certain that
wish gift for you so confirm
OK
after that fell the playstation store
Geez you do not you guys will get it.
do not expect more or less
approximately 10 seconds later
These ten seconds you can push
ball to go back
There you go back to the selection.
remembering that I already have to be in the
selection he can not leave can not do
if he wants to do it after
you
otherwise it will not work, I tried
sometimes just screwing me haleta
so beauty
done that we did ten more seconds or
less there to lose ball to return him
will return to the session to which you
I was sure that in the case my friend
host who is the joão vitor there that comes to me
helping in some very stupid videos
Nice by the way, beauty are waiting.
click here to show you and
You're going to see a lot of comedy.
funny
I think it's cool, your character is
lethal and remembering guys who are here
in version 1.12 update there is the
ready the list is my character
cloned there and then I saw him walk around
there for the saints and if you want to put
more characters repeating the process
is remembering that it can not continue
same way, do the same thing there that I
made
Then I picked it up and went to the character or
simply you get close to him the
law that in fact he encounters since he is
I think it's very funny to deal with you .
talk assessment wanting to hit me
just like a choir I found it very much
funny and cool to bring to you
ends up hitting there but then he took the
worse certainly beauty and this is the tip
that I wanted to bring to you in the video
Today 's video is coming to the
I hope you have.
liked if you liked the one that
liked even more favorite in a video
which helps me a lot in publicizing the
video and channel if you still do not know
on social networks twitter facebook and
skype is grand
be sure to check the description of the
video for you stay on top of
new content if you are new here
is not subscribed the channel yet liked
that you saw sign up if I'm staying for
here thank you very much to everyone
bye and bye